{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red70\green137\blue204;\red23\green23\blue23;\red202\green202\blue202;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c33725\c61176\c83922;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 # PowerBI Sales Dashboard\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ## Overview\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This repository contains a PowerBI dashboard designed for analyzing and visualizing sales data for a store. The dashboard provides key insights into sales performance, trends, and other relevant metrics, allowing users to make informed business decisions.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ## Features\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - 
\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 **Interactive Visualizations:**
\f0\b0  Engage with dynamic and interactive visualizations to explore sales data from various perspectives.\cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - 
\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 **Filtering and Slicing:**
\f0\b0  Utilize filters and slicers to narrow down the data based on specific criteria, enabling detailed analysis.\cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - 
\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 **Key Metrics:**
\f0\b0  Track essential metrics such as total sales, profit, and product category performance at a glance.\cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - 
\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 **Customer Segmentation:**
\f0\b0  Gain insights into customer behavior through segmentation analysis, helping tailor marketing strategies.\cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ## Getting Started\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - \cf4 \strokec4 Download and open the SalesDashboard.pbix file using PowerBI Desktop.\cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - \cf4 \strokec4 Interact with the various charts, graphs, and tables to explore the sales data.\cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 - \cf4 \strokec4 Experiment with different filters and slicers to customize the view.\cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ## Data Collection\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 For this Power BI Dashboard project, the dataset was sourced from Kaggle, providing a readily available and convenient starting point. As a beginner, this approach allowed for quick access to a sample dataset without the need for extensive data collection skills\cb1 \
\
\cb3 //add image of your dataset here\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ## Analysis and Visualizations\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The goal of this visualization project is to delve into the sales performance of a store. The project seeks to offer a thorough insight into sales trends, regional contributions, product performance, and customer behavior within the specified timeframe. The primary objective is to provide a comprehensive understanding of the store's sales dynamics.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ## Ecommerce Sales Dashboard\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 //add image of your dashboard\cb1 \
\
}